String Matcher

Aim: This program performs absolute and fuzzy string matching on columns of data
Inputs:
    - Raw survey data (.csv) containing open answer columns 'QE1' & 'QE2'
    - List of search terms/keywords to use for matching (search.txt)
Outputs: A csv file containing:
    For each cell in QE1 & QE2:
        - A column returning True or False based on absolute string matching
        - A column returning the highest token_set_ratio value (fuzzy match)
        - A column returning the highest token_set_ratio search term (fuzzy match)
        - A column returning the second highest token_set_ratio value (fuzzy match)
        - A colun returning hte second highest token_set_ratio search term (fuzzy match)

Package dependencies: pandas, thefuzz, glob

Detailed method:
    1. Import spreadsheet containing strings
    2. Create database to hold results
        a. Create additional absolute / fuzzy columns
    3. Create search strategy
        a. Two lists
            i. Case insensitive matching
            ii. Case sensitive matching
    4. Apply absolute matching
        a. Search each response for any matches in 3ai.
        b. Search each response for any matches in 3aii.
        c. If either of these searches are true, insert 'YES' into absolute matching box
    5. Apply fuzzy matching (using thefuzz package) (token_set_ratio)
        a. Search each response for any matches in 3ai, and record how closely this matches (as a %)
        b. Search each response for any matches in 3aii, and record how closely this matches (as a %)
        c. Insert highest % match into the fuzzyratio column
        d. Insert corresponding search term into the fuzzyword column
        e. Repeat for second highest match
    6. Export spreadsheet containing three columns: input, absolute, fuzzy

History / to-do:
    This tool was originally created to solve a bespoke issue and therefore does not have wide applicability.
    Next steps involve refactoring the code to allow for easier application to any .csv file (currently, this only works
        with csvs containing columns titled 'QE1' and 'QE2'. Removal of magic words and numbers etc also needed.